provider: clear reprovide queue when reprovide strategy changes (#10863)
ipfs/kubo: docs/changelogs/v0.36.md

The `ipfs config edit` command did not correctly handle the `EDITOR` environment variable correctly when its value contains flags and arguments, i.e. `EDITOR=emacs -nw`. The command was treating the entire value of `$EDITOR` as the name of the editor command. This has been fixed to parse the value of `$EDITOR` into separate args, respecting shell quoting.

#### Clear Reprovide Queue
    

> When the currently configured reprovide strategy does not match the previous strategy read from the datastore, then clear the reprovide queue and update the reprovide strategy that is stored in the datastore.
> 
> #### 📦️ Important dependency updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On restart, if the currently configured reprovide strategy does not match the previous strategy read from the datastore, then clear the provide queue and update the reprovide strategy that is stored in the datastore.

> [!NOTE]
> Any CIDs queued at shutdown won’t be provided until the next reprovide ([`Reprovider.Interval`](../config.md#reproviderinterval) after restart), even if they match the new reprovide strategy.

#### 📦️ Important dependency updates
```
